Acciente, LLC.
Individual Contributor License Agreement
Version 2017.02.07 (for printing please use a 11pt monospaced font)

An Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") is required to
establish and define the intellectual property rights granted in connection
with Contributions (defined below) from any person or entity (the
"Contributor") to Acciente, LLC. (“Acciente”) for inclusion in any of the
products owned or managed by Acciente (the “Work”). This Agreement is for
your protection as a Contributor as well as Acciente’s. This Agreement does
not alter your rights to use your own Contributions for other purposes. By
executing this Agreement, you accept and agree to the following terms and
conditions for any past, current, or future Contributions (defined below)
submitted to Acciente. Except for the license granted herein to Acciente
and recipients of software distributed by Acciente, you reserve all right,
title, and interest in and to the Contributions you create.

To make this document effective, please complete your information below,
sign it and send it to Acciente by electronic submission, following the
instructions at [https://github.com/acciente/acciente-cla]. This is a
legally binding document, so please read it carefully before agreeing to
it.

  Full name: ______________________________________________________

  GitHub username: ________________________________________________

  Mailing Address: ________________________________________________

                   ________________________________________________

  Country:   ______________________________________________________

  Telephone: ______________________________________________________

  E-Mail:    ______________________________________________________


1. Definitions

"Transmitted:" shall mean any form of electronic, verbal, or written
communication sent to Acciente or its representatives, including but not
limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of,
Acciente for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communications that are conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally
Transmitted by You to Acciente for inclusion in the Work.
"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized
by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Acciente. For
legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that
entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this
definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise,
or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares,
or (iii) beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of such
entity.

2. Copyright License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and to the maximum
extent permitted by the relevant law, You hereby grant to Acciente and to
recipients of software distributed by Acciente a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, transferable, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright
license, with the right to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of
sublicensees, to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display,
publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such
derivative works.

3. Patent License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and to the maximum
extent permitted by the relevant law, You hereby grant to Acciente and to
recipients of software distributed by Acciente a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, transferable, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as
stated in this section) patent license, with the right to sublicense such
rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, to make, have made, use,
offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such
license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are
necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of
Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was
Transmitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any
other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed,
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent
licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution
or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Other Rights

4.1. Moral Rights. If moral rights apply to the Contribution, to the
maximum extent permitted by law, You waive and agree not to assert such
moral rights against Acciente or its successors in interest, or any of its
licensees, either direct or indirect.

4.2. Our Rights. You acknowledge that Acciente is not obligated to use Your
Contribution as part of the Work and may decide to include any Contribution
it considers appropriate.
5. Representations

5.1. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above
license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you
create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have
received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that
your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Acciente, or
that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Acciente.

5.2. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original
creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others).  You
represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of
any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited
to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and
which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6. Ongoing Support and Maintenance of Contributions

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to
the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free,
for a fee, or not at all.

YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE UNLESS OTHERWISE
REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING.

7. Submitting the Work of Others

Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may
submit it to Acciente separately from any Contribution, identifying the
complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction
(including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license
agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking
the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. Continuing Disclosures

You agree to notify Acciente of any facts or circumstances of which you
become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
respect.




Signature: __________________________________       Date: ________________